What is Emmet?
        Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor that allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded
    into full pieces of code. By using Emmet, email designers type less, saving both keystrokes and time
    when building a campaign. Also, relying on Emmet’s autocompletion means fewer typos and missing tags,
    leading to more robust emails.

Difference between a Library and Framework?
        When you use a library, you are in charge of the flow of the application.
    You are choosing when and where to call the library. When you use a framework, the framework
    is in charge of the flow. It provides some places for you to plug in your code, but it calls the code you plugged in as needed.
The difference whether it is a library or framework is whether or not there is an inversion of control.

What is CDN? Why do we use it?

    A content delivery network (CDN) is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading for data-heavy applications. CDN can stand for content delivery network or content distribution network.
    A CDN improves efficiency by introducing intermediary servers between the client and the website server. These CDN servers manage some of the client-server communications. They decrease web traffic to the web server, reduce bandwidth consumption, and improve the user experience of your applications.

What is crossorigin in script tag?

    crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
    Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.
    A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

What is async and defer?
    Async in script tag in JavaScript is a way to load scripts asynchronously. That means, if a script is async, it will be loaded independently of other scripts on the page, and will not block the page from loading.
    <script async src="script.js"></script>
    By using the defer attribute in HTML, the browser will load the script only after parsing (loading) the page. This can be helpful if you have a script that is dependent on other scripts, or if you want to improve the loading time of your page by loading scripts after the initial page load.
    <script defer src="script.js"></script>