What are microservices?
  Microservices - also known as the microservice architecture - is an architectural style that structures an application as a collection of services that are

    Independently deployable
    Loosely coupled
    Organized around business capabilities
    Owned by a small team
    Highly maintainable and testable

useEffect
    useEffect is a React Hook that lets you synchronize a component with an external system.

Optional chaining (?.)
    The optional chaining (?.) operator accesses an object's property or calls a function.
     If the object accessed or function called using this operator is undefined or null, 
     the expression short circuits and evaluates to undefined instead of throwing an error.

Statements and expressions
    JavaScript distinguishes expressions and statements.
    An expression produces a value and can be written wherever a value is expected,
    for example as an argument in a function call. Each of the following lines contains an expression:
        myvar
        3 + x
        myfunc("a", "b")
    Roughly, a statement performs an action. Loops and if statements are examples of statements.
    A program is basically a sequence of statements (we’re ignoring declarations here).
    Wherever JavaScript expects a statement, you can also write an expression. 
    Such a statement is called an expression statement. The reverse does not hold: you cannot
    write a statement where JavaScript expects an expression. For example, an if statement cannot become the argument of a function.

Server Side Routing vs Client-Side Routing
    In server-side routing what usually happens when you are entering a URL for the first time 
    or you want to change the page, maybe you click on the about us section or the navbar,
    the browser immediately detects that change in the URL then the browser makes an HTTP request to the server 
    then the server re-renders the HTML into the application, now this can be very expensive
    and would require time-based on the internet speed and some other factors.

    In client side routing we don't need to go through all these stages,
    although when we first load the application that is inputing the web address the full react app is being rendered from the server,
    but after that when you want to change pages, maybe you click on the navbar the browser watches for change
    in the URL and immediately it detects change in the URL it uses the HTML5 
    history API to fetch the page that has already been loaded in when the application was first 
    loaded in and returns it to the browser

